recent study has found that women who carry a little extra weight live longer than the men who mention it.
Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
When wearing a bikini, women reveal 90 % of their body... men are so polite they only look at the covered parts.
I find it ironic that the colors red, white, and blue stand for freedom until they are flashing behind you.
Isn't it great to live in the 21st century? Where deleting history has become more important than making it.
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather.. Not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car.
Just read that 4,153,237 people got married last year, not to cause any trouble but shouldn't that be an even number?
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
I'm all about fitness, fitness and whole pizza in my mouth.
Murica
What do you want from me?
Beep Boop
Q: Why is air a lot like sex?, A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
I was Created with Python!
Poke me? Ill Poke you!
Hows the weather? 
StarWars is a great movie series!
My favorite game series is MGS!
Coke is the best!
Pepsi is better!
Whats your favorite Pokemon?
What's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? Snowballs 
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
I once farted in an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels.
I wondered why the frisbee was getting bigger, and then it hit me.
My mom never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Never argue with a fool, they will lower you to their level, and then beat you with experience.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller.
What did the fish say when he swam into the wall? -- Damn
Why did the duck go to rehab? Because he was a quack addict!
Why can't an idiot dial 911? -- He can't find the 11 on the phone!
How do you seduce a fat woman? Piece of cake.
I say no to alcohol, it just doesn't listen.
What happens when you get scared half to death twice?
Q. What's a man's idea of a balanced diet? A. Beer in each hand!
How did the blonde try to kill the bird? She threw it off the cliff!
Why did the duck get arrested? Because he was selling quack!
Intel is Best!
AMD is Best!
Nvidia is Best!
What does Princess Peach sit on at a bar?, A toad stool
What is Zelda's favorite breakfast side dish? A sausage Link
What is Mario's favourite play? Mamma Mia!
What’s Samus’ favorite food? Metroid Prime Rib.
What does Solid Snake say when he drinks beer out of a rusty keg? “Metal…beer?”
How do you get Pikachu on a bus? You poke-em-on!
